Discover the Data Science Masterclass repository! Learn Python, stats,
ML, DL, NLP, MLOps, cloud, and more. Join our batch for hands-on
projects and expert guidance. Unlock the power of data today!

## **Week 1: Introduction to Python**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Introduction](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/01%20-%20Introduction/Introduction.pdf)

-   [Python
    Fundamentals](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/tree/main/02%20-%20Python)

### **Content Description**

In Week 1 and 2, you will have a solid understanding of Python
programming and be ready to dive into pandas, the library for data
manipulation in data science. Make sure to complete the exercises and
assignments to gain practical experience and enhance your skills.

We encourage you to actively participate, ask questions, and share your
progress. Let\'s embark on this exciting journey together!

## **Week 2: Python Fundamentals**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Python
    Kickstart](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/02%20-%20Python/Week%2001%20-%20Python%20Kickstart/1.%20Intro%20to%20Python%20.ipynb)

-   [Python
    Basics](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/02%20-%20Python/Week%2002%20-%20Python%20Basics/2.%20Intro%20to%20Python%20.ipynb)

-   [Package](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/02%20-%20Python/Week%2002%20-%20Python%20Basics/Package.ipynb)

-   [Pandas
    Basics](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/02%20-%20Python/Week%2003%20-%20Pandas%20Basics/Pandas/Intro%20to%20pandas.ipynb)

### **Content Description**

Week 2 delves into Python fundamentals, covering topics like
introductory Python, packages, and Pandas basics. The included exercises
and assignments will solidify your understanding and prepare you for
more advanced data science concepts. Feel free to ask questions and
engage with the community.

## **Week 3: Statistics and Probability**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [ANOVA](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/03%20-%20Statistics%20and%20Probablity/ANOVA.pdf)

-   [ChiSquare](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/03%20-%20Statistics%20and%20Probablity/ChiSquare.pdf)

-   [Probability Part
    1](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/03%20-%20Statistics%20and%20Probablity/Probability-_Part_1.pdf)

-   [Statistics Part
    2](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/03%20-%20Statistics%20and%20Probablity/Probability-and-Statistics-Part-2-Statistics.pdf)

-   [Probability Part 2
    Distributions](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/03%20-%20Statistics%20and%20Probablity/Probability_Part-2-Distributions.pdf)

-   [Probability and Statistics Part 1
    Data](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/03%20-%20Statistics%20and%20Probablity/ProbabilityandStatisticsPart1Data.pdf)

-   [Stats and Probability
    Notes](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/03%20-%20Statistics%20and%20Probablity/Stats%20and%20Probab%20Notes.pdf)

### **Content Description**

Week 3 introduces key statistical and probability concepts essential for
data science. Dive into ANOVA, ChiSquare, and probability distributions.
Practice and apply your knowledge using the provided resources. Don\'t
hesitate to reach out for clarification or discussions.

## **Week 4: Data Preprocessing**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Data Preprocessing
    Notes](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/04%20-%20Data%20Preprocessing/Data%20Preprocessing%20Notes.pdf)

-   [DataGeneration.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/04%20-%20Data%20Preprocessing/DataGeneration.ipynb)

-   [Preprocessing.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/04%20-%20Data%20Preprocessing/Preprocessing.ipynb)

-   [Students.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/04%20-%20Data%20Preprocessing/Students.csv)

-   [Students.xlsx](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/04%20-%20Data%20Preprocessing/Students.xlsx)

-   [data_assignment.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/04%20-%20Data%20Preprocessing/data_assignment.csv)

-   [student_assignment.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/04%20-%20Data%20Preprocessing/student_assignment.csv)

### **Content Description**

Week 4 focuses on data preprocessing techniques, including data
generation and manipulation. Work through the provided notebooks and
datasets to reinforce your understanding. If you have questions or need
assistance, feel free to ask.

## **Week 5: Data Preprocessing with EDA**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Data Preprocessing -
    UsedCars.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/05%20-%20Data%20Preprocessing%20with%20EDA/Data%20Preprocessing%20-%20UsedCars.ipynb)

-   [DataPreprocessing with
    EDA.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/05%20-%20Data%20Preprocessing%20with%20EDA/DataPreprocessing%20with%20EDA.pdf)

-   [HR Analytics Kaggle
    Dataset](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/05%20-%20Data%20Preprocessing%20with%20EDA/Test/HR_Analytics_Kaggle.csv)

-   [Loan Default
    Dataset](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/05%20-%20Data%20Preprocessing%20with%20EDA/Test/Loan_Default.csv)

-   [Used Cars
    Dataset](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/05%20-%20Data%20Preprocessing%20with%20EDA/used_cars_data.csv)

### **Content Description**

Week 5 delves into data preprocessing with exploratory data analysis
(EDA). Explore the provided notebooks and datasets related to HR
Analytics, Loan Default, and Used Cars. Apply your knowledge and share
your findings with the community.

## **Week 6: Linear Regression**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Advertising
    Dataset](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/06%20-%20Linear%20Regression/Advertising.csv)

-   [Application of
    Derivative.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/06%20-%20Linear%20Regression/Application%20of%20derivative.ipynb)

-   [Assumptions on Linear
    Regression.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/06%20-%20Linear%20Regression/Assumptions%20on%20Linear%20Regression.ipynb)

-   [Gradient
    Descent.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/06%20-%20Linear%20Regression/Gradient%20Descent.ipynb)

-   [Linear Regression
    Report.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/06%20-%20Linear%20Regression/Linear%20Regrerssion%20Report.pdf)

-   [Practical
    Implementation](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/06%20-%20Linear%20Regression/Practical%20Implementation/)

### **Content Description**

Week 6 focuses on linear regression, covering topics like the
application of derivatives, assumptions, gradient descent, and practical
implementation. The provided datasets and notebooks, such as the
Advertising dataset and Practical Implementation, will help you gain
hands-on experience.

## **Week 7: Polynomial Regression**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Polynomial
    Regression.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/07%20-%20Polynomial%20Regression/Ploynomial%20Regression.ipynb)

-   [Data Poly
    Dataset](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/07%20-%20Polynomial%20Regression/data_poly.csv)

-   [Data Poly 2 Column
    Dataset](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/07%20-%20Polynomial%20Regression/data_poly_2col.csv)

### **Content Description**

In Week 7, explore polynomial regression through the provided notebook
and datasets. Gain insights into how polynomial features can enhance
your regression models. Feel free to experiment and share your
observations with the community.

## **Week 8: Regularization**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Ploynomial
    Regression.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/08%20-%20Regularization/Ploynomial%20Regression.ipynb)

-   [Regularization.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/08%20-%20Regularization/Regularaization.pdf)

-   [Data Poly
    Dataset](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/08%20-%20Regularization/data_poly.csv)

-   [Data Poly 2 Column
    Dataset](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/08%20-%20Regularization/data_poly_2col.csv)

### **Content Description**

Week 8 explores regularization techniques in polynomial regression. Dive
into the provided materials and datasets to understand how
regularization can improve the performance of your models. Experiment
with different parameters and share your findings.

Stay tuned for the continuation of the Data Science Masterclass! If you
have any questions or need assistance, don\'t hesitate to reach out to
the community. Happy learning!

## **Week 9: Variance-Bias-Pipeline**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Model Loading with
    Pipeline.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/09%20-%20Variance-Bias-Pipeline/Model%20Loading%20with%20Pipeline.ipynb)

-   [Model Loading without
    Pipeline.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/09%20-%20Variance-Bias-Pipeline/Model%20Loading%20without%20pipeline.ipynb)

-   [Model Saving
    Pipeline.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/09%20-%20Variance-Bias-Pipeline/Model%20Saving%20Pipeline.ipynb)

-   [Model Saving without
    Pipeline.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/09%20-%20Variance-Bias-Pipeline/Model%20Saving%20without%20Pipeline.ipynb)

-   [Variance Bias Trade
    Off.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/09%20-%20Variance-Bias-Pipeline/Variance%20Bias%20Trade%20Off.ipynb)

-   [Pipeline.md](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/09%20-%20Variance-Bias-Pipeline/Pipeline.md)

-   [ReadMe.md](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/09%20-%20Variance-Bias-Pipeline/ReadMe.md)

-   [encode.pkl](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/09%20-%20Variance-Bias-Pipeline/encode.pkl)

-   [impute.pkl](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/09%20-%20Variance-Bias-Pipeline/impute.pkl)

-   [model.pkl](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/09%20-%20Variance-Bias-Pipeline/model.pkl)

-   [preprocess_model.pkl](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/09%20-%20Variance-Bias-Pipeline/preprocess_model.pkl)

-   [preprocessing.py](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/09%20-%20Variance-Bias-Pipeline/preprocessing.py)

-   [scale.pkl](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/09%20-%20Variance-Bias-Pipeline/scale.pkl)

### **Content Description**

Week 9 introduces the concept of variance, bias, and pipeline in machine
learning. Explore the provided notebooks and markdown files to
understand the trade-offs and best practices. The pickle files include
pre-trained models and encoders for your reference.

## **Week 10: Streamlit - Model in UI**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Untitled.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/10%20-%20Streamlit%20-%20Model%20in%20UI/Untitled.ipynb)

-   [preprocess_model.pkl](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/10%20-%20Streamlit%20-%20Model%20in%20UI/preprocess_model.pkl)

-   [preprocessing.py](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/10%20-%20Streamlit%20-%20Model%20in%20UI/preprocessing.py)

-   [price.py](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/10%20-%20Streamlit%20-%20Model%20in%20UI/price.py)

-   [requirements.txt](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/10%20-%20Streamlit%20-%20Model%20in%20UI/requirements.txt)

### **Content Description**

Week 10 covers the integration of machine learning models into user
interfaces using Streamlit. Check out the provided notebook and files to
learn how to create interactive and user-friendly applications. The
**preprocess_model.pkl** and **preprocessing.py** are essential for the
application\'s functionality.

## **Week 11: Logistic Regression**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Logistic
    Notes.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/11%20-%20Logistic%20Regression/Logistic%20Notes.pdf)

-   [Logistic.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/11%20-%20Logistic%20Regression/Logistic.ipynb)

-   [LogisticRegression.pptx.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/11%20-%20Logistic%20Regression/LogisticRegression.pptx.pdf)

-   [weight-height.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/11%20-%20Logistic%20Regression/weight-height.csv)

### **Content Description**

Week 11 explores logistic regression, a fundamental technique for binary
classification problems. Dive into the provided notes, notebook, and
dataset to understand the principles and practical applications of
logistic regression.

## **Week 12: KNN and Naive Bayes**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [KNN
    algorithm.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/12%20-%20KNN%20and%20Naive%20Bayes/KNN%20algorithm.ipynb)

-   [KNN.pptx.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/12%20-%20KNN%20and%20Naive%20Bayes/KNN.pptx.pdf)

-   [KNN_Notes.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/12%20-%20KNN%20and%20Naive%20Bayes/KNN_Notes.pdf)

-   [Naive
    Bayes.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/12%20-%20KNN%20and%20Naive%20Bayes/Naive%20Bayes.ipynb)

-   [weight-height.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/12%20-%20KNN%20and%20Naive%20Bayes/weight-height.csv)

### **Content Description**

Week 12 covers two powerful classification algorithms - K-Nearest
Neighbors (KNN) and Naive Bayes. Dive into the provided notebooks and
materials to understand the principles behind these algorithms and their
applications.

## **Week 13: Decision Tree**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Decision Tree
    Regression.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/13%20-%20Decision%20Tree/Decision%20Tree%20Regression.pdf)

-   [Decision_Tree.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/13%20-%20Decision%20Tree/Decision_Tree.pdf)

-   [Log-Entropy.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/13%20-%20Decision%20Tree/Log-Entropy.ipynb)

-   [Model
    Implementation.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/13%20-%20Decision%20Tree/Model%20Implementation.ipynb)

-   [gender_submission.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/13%20-%20Decision%20Tree/gender_submission.csv)

-   [test.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/13%20-%20Decision%20Tree/test.csv)

-   [train.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/13%20-%20Decision%20Tree/train.csv)

### **Content Description**

Week 13 introduces decision tree algorithms, covering both theory and
practical implementation. Explore the provided materials and datasets to
understand how decision trees work and how to implement them
effectively.

Stay tuned for the continuation of the Data Science Masterclass! If you
have any questions or need assistance, don\'t hesitate to reach out to
the community. Happy learning!

## **Week 14: Practise**

### **Cross Selling Hackathon**

-   [CrossSell
    Prediction.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/14%20-%20Practise/Cross%20Selling%20Hackathon/CrossSell%20Prediction.ipynb)

-   [Decision_poly_result.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/14%20-%20Practise/Cross%20Selling%20Hackathon/Decision_poly_result.csv)

-   [Decision_poly_tuned_result.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/14%20-%20Practise/Cross%20Selling%20Hackathon/Decision_poly_tuned_result.csv)

-   [Logistic_poly_balanced_oversampling_result.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/14%20-%20Practise/Cross%20Selling%20Hackathon/Logistic_poly_balanced_oversampling_result.csv)

-   [Logistic_poly_balanced_result.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/14%20-%20Practise/Cross%20Selling%20Hackathon/Logistic_poly_balanced_result.csv)

-   [Logistic_poly_result.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/14%20-%20Practise/Cross%20Selling%20Hackathon/Logistic_poly_result.csv)

-   [Logistic_result.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/14%20-%20Practise/Cross%20Selling%20Hackathon/Logistic_result.csv)

-   [benchmark_check.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/14%20-%20Practise/Cross%20Selling%20Hackathon/benchmark_check.csv)

-   [sample_submission.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/14%20-%20Practise/Cross%20Selling%20Hackathon/sample_submission.csv)

-   [test.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/14%20-%20Practise/Cross%20Selling%20Hackathon/test.csv)

-   [train.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/14%20-%20Practise/Cross%20Selling%20Hackathon/train.csv)

### **Sql pandas.ipynb**

-   [Sql
    pandas.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/14%20-%20Practise/Sql%20pandas.ipynb)

### **Content Description**

Week 14 is dedicated to practical exercises and a hackathon project.
Explore the provided notebook for the Cross Selling Hackathon, where
various models have been implemented and results are provided.
Additionally, there\'s a notebook demonstrating the use of SQL in
conjunction with pandas for data analysis.

## **Week 15: RandomForest**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [BlackboardRandomForest.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/15%20-%20RandomForest/BlackboardRandomForest.pdf)

-   [Creditcard_RandomForest.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/15%20-%20RandomForest/Creditcard_RandomForest.ipynb)

-   [RandomForest.pptx.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/15%20-%20RandomForest/RandomForest.pptx.pdf)

### **Content Description**

Week 15 focuses on the Random Forest algorithm. Dive into the provided
lecture notes, PowerPoint presentation, and practical implementation
notebook to understand the concepts and applications of Random Forest in
machine learning.

## **Week 16: Boosting, Voting and Stacking**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Bosting_Stacking
    Notes.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/16%20-%20Boosting%2C%20Voting%20and%20Stacking/Bosting_Stacking%20Notes.pdf)

-   [Consolidated model
    Result.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/16%20-%20Boosting%2C%20Voting%20and%20Stacking/Consolidated%20model%20Result.ipynb)

-   [RandomForest_Boosting.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/16%20-%20Boosting%2C%20Voting%20and%20Stacking/RandomForest_Boosting.pdf)

-   [glass.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/16%20-%20Boosting%2C%20Voting%20and%20Stacking/glass.csv)

### **Content Description**

Week 16 delves into ensemble learning techniques such as Boosting,
Voting, and Stacking. Explore the provided notes, practical
implementation notebook, and dataset to understand how these techniques
can enhance model performance.

## **Week 17: Dimensionality Reduction (PCA)**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [PCA and
    t-SNE.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/17%20-%20Dimensionality%20Reduction%20%28PCA%29/PCA%20and%20t-SNE.ipynb)

-   [PCA.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/17%20-%20Dimensionality%20Reduction%20%28PCA%29/PCA.pdf)

-   [dataset_pca.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/17%20-%20Dimensionality%20Reduction%20%28PCA%29/dataset_pca.csv)

### **Content Description**

Week 17 introduces Dimensionality Reduction techniques, specifically
Principal Component Analysis (PCA) and t-Distributed Stochastic Neighbor
Embedding (t-SNE). Dive into the provided notebook, lecture notes, and
dataset to understand how these techniques can be applied to simplify
data while retaining essential information.

Stay tuned for the continuation of the Data Science Masterclass! If you
have any questions or need assistance, feel free to ask. Happy learning!

## **Week 18: Support Vector Machine**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [SVM Classifier
    implementation.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/18%20-%20Support%20Vector%20Machine/SVM%20Classifier%20implementation.ipynb)

-   [SVM\_.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/18%20-%20Support%20Vector%20Machine/SVM_.pdf)

### **Content Description**

Week 18 explores Support Vector Machines (SVM), a powerful machine
learning algorithm for classification and regression tasks. Dive into
the provided notebook and lecture notes to understand the principles and
practical implementation of SVM.

## **Week 19: Time Series**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Advanced Time series Model -
    ARIMA.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/19%20-%20Time%20Series/Advanced%20Time%20series%20Model%20-%20ARIMA.ipynb)

-   [Forecast.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/19%20-%20Time%20Series/Forecast.csv)

-   [Smoothing
    Method.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/19%20-%20Time%20Series/Smoothing%20Method.ipynb)

-   [TS_Data.xlsx](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/19%20-%20Time%20Series/TS_Data.xlsx)

-   [TimeSeries - Linear Regression with
    Seasonality_Additive.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/19%20-%20Time%20Series/TimeSeries%20-%20Linear%20Regression%20with%20Seasonality_Additive.ipynb)

-   [TimeSeries - Linear Regression with
    Seasonality_Multiplicative.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/19%20-%20Time%20Series/TimeSeries%20-%20Linear%20Regression%20with%20Seasonality_Multiplicative.ipynb)

-   [Timeseries\_.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/19%20-%20Time%20Series/Timeseries_.pdf)

-   [Timeseries_Consolidate.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/19%20-%20Time%20Series/Timeseries_Consolidate.ipynb)

### **Content Description**

Week 19 focuses on Time Series analysis. Dive into the provided
notebooks and lecture notes to explore advanced time series models like
ARIMA, smoothing methods, and linear regression with seasonality. The
dataset and forecast results are also available for practical
understanding.

## **Week 20: AutoML**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Practice_AutoML/AutoML Loan
    Prediction.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/20%20-%20AutoML/Practice_AutoML/AutoML%20Loan%20Prediction.ipynb)

-   [Practice_AutoML/test.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/20%20-%20AutoML/Practice_AutoML/test.csv)

-   [Practice_AutoML/train.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/20%20-%20AutoML/Practice_AutoML/train.csv)

### **Content Description**

Week 20 delves into AutoML (Automated Machine Learning), a process that
automates the end-to-end process of applying machine learning to
real-world problems. Explore the provided notebook and datasets to
understand how AutoML can simplify the machine learning workflow.

## **Week 21: Neural Networks Theory**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Neural Networks
    Theory.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/21%20-%20Neural%20Networks%20Theory/Neural%20Networks%20Theory.pdf)

-   [Neural_Networks_Basics_Regression.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/21%20-%20Neural%20Networks%20Theory/Neural_Networks_Basics_Regression.ipynb)

### **Content Description**

Week 21 introduces the theory behind Neural Networks. Dive into the
provided lecture notes and notebook to understand the basics of neural
networks, with a focus on regression tasks.

## **Week 22: Neural Networks Practical**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Neural_Networks_Basics_Classification.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/22%20-%20Neural%20Networks%20Practical/Neural_Networks_Basics_Classification.ipynb)

-   [Neural_Networks_Hyperparameter_Tuning.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/22%20-%20Neural%20Networks%20Practical/Neural_Networks_Hyperparameter_Tuning.ipynb)

-   [noor.jpeg](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/22%20-%20Neural%20Networks%20Practical/noor.jpeg)

### **Content Description**

Week 22 focuses on the practical application of Neural Networks. Explore
the provided notebooks to understand classification tasks and
hyperparameter tuning in neural networks. Additionally, there\'s an
image file, **noor.jpeg**.

Stay tuned for the continuation of the Data Science Masterclass! If you
have any questions or need assistance, feel free to ask. Happy learning!

## **Week 23: CNN Theory - Practical**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Convolution Neural
    Networks.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/23%20-%20CNN%20Theory%20-%20Practical/Convolution%20Neural%20Networks.ipynb)

-   [TensorFlow-CNN.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/23%20-%20CNN%20Theory%20-%20Practical/TensorFlow-CNN.pdf)

-   [AnalyticsVidhya MNIST Competition/Advanced
    CNN.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/23%20-%20CNN%20Theory%20-%20Practical/AnalyticsVidhya%20MNIST%20Competition/Advanced%20CNN.ipynb)

-   [AnalyticsVidhya MNIST
    Competition/mnist_advanced_cnn.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/23%20-%20CNN%20Theory%20-%20Practical/AnalyticsVidhya%20MNIST%20Competition/mnist_advanced_cnn.csv)

-   [AnalyticsVidhya MNIST
    Competition/mnist_cnn.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/23%20-%20CNN%20Theory%20-%20Practical/AnalyticsVidhya%20MNIST%20Competition/mnist_cnn.csv)

-   [AnalyticsVidhya MNIST
    Competition/sample_submission_npBPSZB.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/23%20-%20CNN%20Theory%20-%20Practical/AnalyticsVidhya%20MNIST%20Competition/sample_submission_npBPSZB.csv)

### **Content Description**

Week 23 delves into Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) theory and
practical applications. Explore the provided notebooks and PDFs to
understand the fundamentals of CNN and its implementation using
TensorFlow. Additionally, there\'s a section dedicated to an Advanced
CNN applied in the AnalyticsVidhya MNIST competition, along with
associated datasets and results.

## **Week 24: CNN Pre-Trained Model**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Pretrained
    model.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/24%20-%20CNN%20Pre-Trained%20Model/Pretrained%20model.ipynb)

-   [69897.png](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/24%20-%20CNN%20Pre-Trained%20Model/69897.png)

-   [cat.jpeg](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/24%20-%20CNN%20Pre-Trained%20Model/cat.jpeg)

-   [electrolux-undercounter-refrigerator-500x500.webp](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/24%20-%20CNN%20Pre-Trained%20Model/electrolux-undercounter-refrigerator-500x500.webp)

-   [lion.jpeg](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/24%20-%20CNN%20Pre-Trained%20Model/lion.jpeg)

-   [mountain.jpeg](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/24%20-%20CNN%20Pre-Trained%20Model/mountain.jpeg)

-   [refrig.jpeg](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/24%20-%20CNN%20Pre-Trained%20Model/refrig.jpeg)

-   [refrigrator.jpeg](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/24%20-%20CNN%20Pre-Trained%20Model/refrigrator.jpeg)

### **Content Description**

Week 24 explores the use of pre-trained CNN models. Dive into the
provided notebook to understand how to work with pre-trained models,
along with associated images for testing.

## **Week 25: Transfer Learning**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Data
    Augmentation.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/25%20-%20Transfer%20Learning/Data%20Augmentation.ipynb)

-   [Model without Transfer Learning with Data
    Augmentation.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/25%20-%20Transfer%20Learning/Model%20without%20Transfer%20Learning%20with%20Data%20Augmentation.ipynb)

-   [Model without Transfer
    Learning.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/25%20-%20Transfer%20Learning/Model%20without%20Transfer%20Learning.ipynb)

-   [Transfer Learning with Data
    Augmentation.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/25%20-%20Transfer%20Learning/Transfer%20Learning%20with%20Data%20Augmentation.ipynb)

-   [Transfer
    Learning.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/25%20-%20Transfer%20Learning/Transfer%20Learning.ipynb)

-   [images/train/sideways/dog.11103.jpg](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/25%20-%20Transfer%20Learning/images/train/sideways/dog.11103.jpg)

-   [images/val/sideways/dog.11120.jpg](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/25%20-%20Transfer%20Learning/images/val/sideways/dog.11120.jpg)

-   [preview/dog_sideways_11124_0_1055.jpg](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/25%20-%20Transfer%20Learning/preview/dog_sideways_11124_0_1055.jpg)

### **Content Description**

Week 25 introduces Transfer Learning, a machine learning technique where
a model trained on one task is adapted for a second related task.
Explore the provided notebooks and image datasets to understand transfer
learning concepts, including data augmentation.

## **Week 26: Object Detection**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Object
    Detection.pptx.pdf](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/26%20-%20Object%20Detection/Object%20Detection.pptx.pdf)

-   [YOLO-OpenCV/YOLO & COCO basics in
    Python.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/26%20-%20Object%20Detection/YOLO-OpenCV/YOLO%20%26%20COCO%20basics%20in%20Python.ipynb)

-   [YOLO-OpenCV/LICENSE](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/26%20-%20Object%20Detection/YOLO-OpenCV/LICENSE)

-   [YOLO-OpenCV/README.md](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/26%20-%20Object%20Detection/YOLO-OpenCV/README.md)

-   [YOLO-OpenCV/elephant.jpg](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/26%20-%20Object%20Detection/YOLO-OpenCV/elephant.jpg)

-   [YOLO-OpenCV/horse.jpg](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/26%20-%20Object%20Detection/YOLO-OpenCV/horse.jpg)

-   [YOLO-OpenCV/image/cat.jpg](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/26%20-%20Object%20Detection/YOLO-OpenCV/image/cat.jpg)

-   [YOLO-OpenCV/image/test.jpg](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/26%20-%20Object%20Detection/YOLO-OpenCV/image/test.jpg)

-   [YOLO-OpenCV/output.avi](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/26%20-%20Object%20Detection/YOLO-OpenCV/output.avi)

-   [YOLO-OpenCV/output_horse.png](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/26%20-%20Object%20Detection/YOLO-OpenCV/output_horse.png)

-   [YOLO-OpenCV/video/Footage.mp4](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/26%20-%20Object%20Detection/YOLO-OpenCV/video/Footage.mp4)

-   [YOLO-OpenCV/yolo.py](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/26%20-%20Object%20Detection/YOLO-OpenCV/yolo.py)

-   [YOLO-OpenCV/yolo_utils.py](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/26%20-%20Object%20Detection/YOLO-OpenCV/yolo_utils.py)

-   [YOLO-OpenCV/yolov3-coco/.DS_Store](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/26%20-%20Object%20Detection/YOLO-OpenCV/yolov3-coco/.DS_Store)

-   [YOLO-OpenCV/yolov3-coco/coco-labels](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/26%20-%20Object%20Detection/YOLO-OpenCV/yolov3-coco/coco-labels)

-   [YOLO-OpenCV/yolov3-coco/get_model.sh](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/26%20-%20Object%20Detection/YOLO-OpenCV/yolov3-coco/get_model.sh)

-   [YOLO-OpenCV/yolov3-coco/yolov3.cfg](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/26%20-%20Object%20Detection/YOLO-OpenCV/yolov3-coco/yolov3.cfg)

### **Content Description**

Week 26 covers Object Detection, focusing on the YOLO (You Only Look
Once) algorithm. Explore the provided presentation, notebooks, and
Python scripts to understand the basics of object detection using YOLO
and the COCO dataset.

## **Week 27: MLOps**

### **Table of Contents**

-   [Creditcard_RandomForest_mlflow.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/27%20-%20MLOps/Creditcard_RandomForest_mlflow.ipynb)

-   [Creditcard_RandomForest_mlflow_pycaret.ipynb](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/27%20-%20MLOps/Creditcard_RandomForest_mlflow_pycaret.ipynb)

-   [creditcard.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/27%20-%20MLOps/creditcard.csv)

-   [data_test.csv](https://github.com/nursnaaz/DataScienceMasterclass/blob/main/27%20-%20MLOps/data_test.csv)

### **Content Description**

Week 27 explores MLOps, a set of practices that aims to unify machine
learning system development and operations. Dive into the provided
notebooks and datasets to understand how to use MLflow for managing the
machine learning lifecycle.

Stay tuned for the continuation of the Data Science Masterclass! If you
have any questions or need assistance, feel free to ask. Happy learning!
